Add MKDocs documentation site for Browsertrix Crawler 1.0.0 (#494)
webrecorder/browsertrix-crawler: docs/docs/user-guide/yaml-config.md

# YAML Crawl Config

> Browsertix Crawler supports the use of a yaml file to set parameters for a crawl. This can be used by passing a valid yaml file to the `--config` option.

Reviewer: Capitalized below
```suggestion
Browsertix Crawler supports the use of a YAML file to set parameters for a crawl. This can be used by passing a valid yaml file to the `--config` option.
```

> The YAML file can contain the same parameters as the command-line arguments. If a parameter is set on the command-line and in the yaml file, the value from the command-line will be used. For example, the following should start a crawl with config in `crawl-config.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The YAML file can contain the same parameters as the command-line arguments. If a parameter is set on the command-line and in the YAML file, the value from the command-line will be used. For example, the following should start a crawl with config in `crawl-config.yaml`.
```

```sh
docker run -v $PWD/crawl-config.yaml:/app/crawl-config.yaml -v $PWD/crawls:/crawls/ webrecorder/browsertrix-crawler crawl --config /app/crawl-config.yaml
```

The config can also be passed via stdin, which can simplify the command. Note that this require running `docker run` with the `-i` flag. To read config from stdin, pass `--config stdin`

```sh
cat ./crawl-config.yaml | docker run -i -v $PWD/crawls:/crawls/ webrecorder/browsertrix-crawler crawl --config stdin
```

An example config file (eg. crawl-config.yaml) might contain:

```yaml
seeds:
  - https://example.com/
  - https://www.iana.org/

combineWARC: true
```

The list of seeds can be loaded via an external file by specifying the filename via the `seedFile` config or command-line option.

## Seed File

The URL seed file should be a text file formatted so that each line of the file is a url string. An example file is available in the Github repository's fixture folder as [urlSeedFile.txt](https://github.com/webrecorder/browsertrix-crawler/blob/main/tests/fixtures/urlSeedFile.txt).

> The seed file must be passed as a volume to the docker container. To do that, you can format your docker command similar to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The seed file must be passed as a volume to the docker container. Your Docker command should be formatted similar to the following:
```

```sh
docker run -v $PWD/seedFile.txt:/app/seedFile.txt -v $PWD/crawls:/crawls/ webrecorder/browsertrix-crawler crawl --seedFile /app/seedFile.txt
```

## Per-Seed Settings

> Certain settings such scope type, scope includes and excludes, and depth can also be configured per seed directly in the YAML file, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain settings such as scope type, scope includes and excludes, and depth can also be configured per-seed directly in the YAML file, for example:
```
